# Can You Escape?
A creep van drives by you as you are walking home and stops just ahead of you. You try to hurry by the van, but the door opens and you are snatched inside the van. They blindfold you and drive to an unknown location. You wake up disoriented and look around the room for a way you. You try ro use your cell phone but have no service. There is a crack in the wall with a little bit of light coming through. So, you go and mess with it and the wall opens. You think you are home free, but it’s another room. This is starting to seem like some kind of escape room game. Then a creep doll appears in the room and makes you answer its riddles. This doll does get annoying because it appears in every room you end up in as you escape. All the rooms are different one is a dungeon, the other is a nasty bathroom, there’s an old sad looking bedroom, there’s a kitchen with food all over the walls, there’s a living room with red stuff oozing from the walls, there is an empty room with bright pink walls, there is a room full or teddy bears, there is a bouncy castle room, there is an old creepy laboratory. Then you get to the final room which is a normal room. You win by escaping and getting through each room to get outside. Some rooms you don’t have to do anything you just walk through. But some rooms require an item to get through. You lose by losing health when you answer the riddles wrong and eventually dying, but there are items that increase your health. The items are a sandwich, a water bottle and a potion. But there is one item that takes health away so be careful of that one. Good luck! Can you escape?
